Update release process (#465)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases-guidelines/03-kyma-cli-release-process.md

   ```bash
   git tag -a {RELEASE_VERSION} -m "Release {RELEASE_VERSION}"
   ```

    where {RELEASE_VERSION} could be `1.4.0-rc1`, `1.4.0-rc2` or `1.4.0`.

5. Create the new version
   1. Push the tag to trigger a postsubmit job that creates the GitHub release. Validate if the release is available under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases).

      ```bash
      git push upstream {RELEASE_VERSION}
      ```

>    2. verify the [Prow Status](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?repo=kyma-project%2Fcli&type=postsubmit) of the matching revision ({RELEASE_VERSION})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Verify the [Prow Status](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?repo=kyma-project%2Fcli&type=postsubmit) of the matching revision ({RELEASE_VERSION}).
```

>    3. if the post submit job failed: You can retrigger it by removing the tag from upstream and pushing it again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. If the post submit job failed, you can re-trigger it by removing the tag from upstream and pushing it again.
```
